just take my advice to stay away from
him just never go out with him from the
moment she met him no chance I don't go
out with cowardly scumbags
she knew he was egotistical sex with me
is very good
I'm sure why I had heard something and
opinionated I'll consider myself a
journalist
I wouldn't brag about it I'm a newspaper
man from the moment he met her he knew
she was intellectual maybe I'm too
cerebral that means brainy I don't know
what that means
and emotional I feel great
I really do she wanted commitment I will
start with monogamy he wanted what every
man wants just decide what her sex
please what then suddenly one night they
both got what they wanted you two are
both terrific ever considered being on
TV yes yeah no this is he-said she-said
there are two sides to every story I
feel so stupid at last there's a movie
with both of them here's Susan maybe we
get together next week go to an art open
or something that would be great give me
a call
and hers Susan let's get together next
week and overall order be yours okay
that sounds good but you gotta wear that
dress I don't know we always have to do
what you want to do what are you talking
about we spend my vacation to visit your
past you use condoms
well well he's got kind of written all
over him we're just trying to get no
money you'll see him through her eyes
honey okay why don't you two just go to
bed together and get it over with and
her to his don't you ever think about
getting married
Kevin Bacon why fix it if it ain't
broken and that's the way I see it how
Elizabeth Perkins looking up at your fat
smug fat face I couldn't help myself oh
well thanks honey that's quite an
ecology he-said she-said where is this
spot on your left boom what the hell is
she doing honey honey we're both on
camera
[Music]